8 ContributorsI Want A Love I Can See Lyrics[Verse 1]
I want a love I can see (Ah-pow-pow)
That's the only kind that means a thing to me (Ah-pow-pow)
Don't want a love you have to tell me about (Ah-pow-pow)
That kind of loving I can sure do without (I can sure do without)

[Refrain]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 2]
I want a love I can feel (Doo-doo, pow-pow)
That's the only kind of loving I think it's real (Doo-doo, pow-pow)
Don't want to be quoted by something I heard, now (Doo-doo, pow-pow)
'Cause baby, action speaks louder than words (Ah, louder than words)

[Refrain]
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 3]
I want a love that's mine (I want a love, that's mine)
In the rain or in sun, sun, sunshine (I want a love, that's mine)
A love to keep me warm when it's cold (I want a love, that's mine)
The kind of love that will never grow old (Oh, never grow old)

[Refrain]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, oh-uh-huh
See The Temptations LiveGet tickets as low as $57You might also like[Bridge]
Don't you know I want a love?
Don't you know I want a love?
Don't you know I want a love?

[Refrain]
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh-uh-oh

[Verse 4]
I want a love I can see (I want a love I can see)
The kind of love you could give to me (Give to me)
The kind of kisses to make, make me melt (Ooh, make me melt)
The kind of love that can really be felt, now (Really be felt)

[Refrain]
Yeah, yeah
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, I

[Outro]
(Don't you know I want a love, can I have it?)
Yeah, I want a love, now (Don't you know I want a love, can I have it?)
The kind of love that can really be felt (Don't you know I want a love, can I have it?)
Uh-huh-huh
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, I

Yeah (Don't you know I want a love, can I have it?)
You know I, I wanna love her (Don't you know I want a love, can I have it?)
I want a love, now (Don't you know I want a love, can I have it?)
Uh-huh-huh

Yeah, yeah, yeah

Come on, come on, come on one more time (Don't you know I want a love, can I have it?)
Yeah, you know, you know, you know, I (Don't you know I want a love, can I have it?)
Yes I want a love, now (Don't you know I want a love, can I have it?)
Every day, hear what I say

Yeah, yeah, yeah

Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby (Don't you know I want a love, can I have it?)
I, oh-uh-huh (Don't you know I want a love, can I have it?)
Every day, yeah, what I say? (Don't you know I want a love, can I have it?)
I, I need a loveEmbed